# Privacy Policy for Umm
This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use our service, Umm, and informs you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
By using our service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
### Interpretation and Definitions
#### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.
#### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

→ "Account" means a unique account created for you to access our service or parts of our service.

→ "Affiliate" means an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest, or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

→ "Application" means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by you on any electronic device, named Umm.

→ "Company" refers to Umm, a company registered in West Bengal, India. "Country" refers to India.
 
→ "Device" means any device that can access the service such as a computer, a cellphone, or a digital tablet.

→ "Personal Data" means any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

→ "Service" refers to the Application.

→ "Service Provider" means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service, or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

→ "Usage Data" refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

→ "You" means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

### Collecting and Using Your Personal Data
#### Types of Data Collected
Personal Data :
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. This may include, but is not limited to: email address, first name and last name, phone number, address, state, province, ZIP/Postal code, and city.

Usage Data :
Usage data is collected automatically when using the Service. This may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers, and other diagnostic data.

Information Collected while Using the Application :
While using our application, in order to provide features of our application, we may collect, with your prior permission: information regarding your location, information from your device's phone book (contacts list), pictures and other information from your device's camera and photo library. We use this information to provide features of our service and to improve it.

### Use of Data

We use the collected data for various purposes:

- To provide and maintain our Service.
- To notify you about changes to our Service.
- To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do.
- To provide customer support.
- To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service.
- To monitor the usage of our Service
- To detect, prevent and address technical

### Your Privacy Rights

Umm aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

If you wish to be informed about what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us at the email address provided in the Contact Us section below.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

- The right to access, update or delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
- The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
- The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
- The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
- The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
- The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Umm relied on your consent to process your Personal Data.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

### Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), provide the Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

### Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

- Google Analytics: Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/

### Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

### Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

### Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through [email](mailto:umm.messenger@gmail.com).







 
